they again a few day one
I both within
close to the ground I'm in my field
qualifying session with ultimately
balance of power
the finish line George been representing
that hot man page bed fourth place at
the lethbridge have one Billups 39
seconds but how far the motor system
boot observer ahead is Robert barber
let's go to Ramsey hairpin and Roy Moore
but we can hear the helicopter for both
would obviously we can't hear anything
else but we expect to see machines
interview shortly and certainly we do
down the center of the road knee out and
it is Michael Rutter number one so these
through gravity shall be interesting
given that time difference now get
behind the screen so I would imagine
with resistance the optimum here very
very fast approach by John McGinnis but
i think it's beyond 10 second
yes it says it five-second lead for John
McGinnis at Ramsey hairpin John McGinnis
leaf so no difference there from the
last two there they've come in berkeley
equal time one second impact increased
by John McGinnis it was a four second
lead at the Laugh bridge it's now a
five-second lead nirav Ramsey I would
imagine when they stretch out of the
mountain mile Ellie will be able to see
one another but surveyor was interesting
last night to hear Ian lockers comment
when he taken over the ride there on me
on the bike that sir when John McGinnis
went past him in practice it was like a
sports car passing a wagon on the
motorway I thought that was a very very
good description office but certainly
the two through not yet expecting mark
Maloney should be too far away I
wouldn't have thought but certainly John
McGinnis through empathy and holding on
to a 5.7 91 advantage over Michael
Rutter just the two machines through so
far they will be now look past the
waterworks round tower bends into the
gooseneck and then that we view the
stress air you ever think it's been a
flat rotten from the start finish here
to Ramsey hairpin but now the test will
be and on that mountain climb certainly
it says the American climb as well but
again as we've seen in the tasks we hear
that mark mother is out at the laughs
unfortunately so bad news there for Mark
Miller on the Moto cyst you've stopped
unfortunately at the lack bridge so
that's the machine is number two Mark
Miller on the Moto cyst machine that
will be disappointment but these Airways
carry all this color commentary a to
America that are they stopped at the
last bridge so I don't think there'll be
much to be able to do about that when
one of the nation stops well and you can
Janet and sometimes it's only the
slightest little thing that's happened
like a wire coming loose or anything
that can stop the things I ring up but
with these the complications i would
expect off the electrical system in them
with the batteries and everything it
probably won't be a flat battery or
anything like that that will probably be
just a connector so